Update ms-teams.md (#511)
cyclr/docs: pages/v2/05-application-connectors/authentication/ms-teams.md

---
{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<section class="card">

## Partner setup

To install the Microsoft Teams connector in Cyclr you must [create an Azure Active Directory OAuth application](#create-an-application) and obtain a [client ID](#get-a-client-id), [client secret](#create-a-client-secret) and a [tenant ID](#get-a-tenant-id).

### Authentication method restrictions

#### OAuth 2.0 (application permissions)

When you use application permissions authentication, several of the endpoints are protected since they handle sensitive data. You need to apply for permission to use them with [this Microsoft request form](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/teams-protected-apis). It can take up to a week to approve your permissi= during which you cannot use the protected methods. The following methods are protected and only function once you have requested permission:

- **Messages** > **Get Channel Message**
- **Messages** > **List Channel Messages**
- **Messages** > **List Updated Channel Messages**
- **Webhooks** > **Get Team Chats**
- **Webhooks** > **Get Channel Chats**

#### OAuth 2.0 (delegated permissions)

> You don't need to request any permissions for delegated permissions authentication as the user is required to consent permission during authentication.

Reviewer: What does the last bit mean to say - 'the user is required to consent permission during authentication'

Author: ```suggestion
When you use delegated permissions authentication, you do not need to apply for permissions from Microsoft Teams. This is because delegated permissions authentication requires the user to consent to the permissions themselves during connector installation.
```
This may be a little clearer!
